about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Me!
permalink: /about/
published: true
---


### Hi Stranger!

As you can tell, I am an up and coming Software Engineer looking for more experience and foothold within this industry. I've always wanted to see what it was like being a Software Engineer and during the year of 2020, I have decided to fully commit to this route.

Please email me if you wish to communicate or collaborate! See you around!

## Hobbies and Interests

## Languages 

### Learning
Python, Ruby, HTML/CSS, JavaScript

### Learned
TBD

### My Sweet cat Zelda whom I love very much :)


### Games

1. [League of Legends](https://play.na.leagueoflegends.com/en_US)

2. [7 Deadly Sins Grand Cross](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netmarble.nanagb&hl=en_US)

3. [Monster Hunter World](http://monsterhunterworld.com/)

4. [Ragnarok Online](http://playragnarok.com/)

### Cooking with Ramsay

1. [10 Essential Tips for Cooking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHRXUeVsAQQ)

2. [5 Basic Cooking Skills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJy1ajvMU1k)

3. [10 Years of 3 Michelin Stars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTZUzKMT3Jg&list=PLqcsHBAmAI5LVauU9HH1ASSu2_Ccbp-MZ&index=2)

### Contact me at

[jacky.w.xia@gmail.com](mailto:jacky.w.xia@gmail.com) or (415) 309-8111

Commit message:

Add Resume and update About

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me!
permalink: /about/
published: true
---


### Hi Stranger!

As you can tell, I am an up and coming Software Engineer looking for more experience and foothold within this industry. I've always wanted to see what it was like being a Software Engineer and during the year of 2020, I have decided to fully commit to this route.

### 2021 Update:

I have graduated from [Hack Reactor](https://www.hackreactor.com/) and certified to be a Full-Stack Engineer! The year 2020 has been a rollercoaster and the career switch that I have decied to take has brought me to this stage! I am proud to say that I can now fully code an application from start to finish and I am looking forward to continuing my path as a SWE.


Please email me if you wish to communicate or collaborate! See you around!

## Resume:
### 2021:
#### Jul:
[Resume](JackyXiaResume.pdf)

## Languages

### Learning
Python, Ruby, HTML/CSS, TypeScript, MobX State Tree

### Learned
JavaScript, React,

### My Sweet cat Zelda whom I love very much :)


### Games

1. [League of Legends](https://play.na.leagueoflegends.com/en_US)

2. [7 Deadly Sins Grand Cross](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netmarble.nanagb&hl=en_US)

3. [Monster Hunter World](http://monsterhunterworld.com/)

4. [Ragnarok Online](http://playragnarok.com/)

### Cooking Videos!

1. [10 Essential Tips for Cooking](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHRXUeVsAQQ)

2. [5 Basic Cooking Skills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJy1ajvMU1k)

3. [IMPORTANT: Washing Dishes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyis-EmiZXI)

### Contact me at
[jacky.w.xia@gmail.com](mailto:jacky.w.xia@gmail.com) or (415) 309-8111
